Fix #709: Use format for error message dates when unset (#790)
yiisoft/validator: CHANGELOG.md

## 2.5.2 under development

> - Chg #789: Use `format` property for formatting dates in error messages when message format properties are not set (@WarLikeLaux)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Chg #709: Use `format` property for formatting dates in error messages when message format properties are not set (@WarLikeLaux)
```

> - Chg #709: Use `format` property for formatting dates in error messages when message format properties are not set (@WarLikeLaux)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Enh #709: In date rules use `format` property for formatting dates in error messages when message format properties are not set (@WarLikeLaux)
```
